I want to create a chess game, so that I can improve as a chess player. This will be a project that will run locally on my computer, and I would like to be able to have a simple command that I can run in the terminal to start this local instance of the chess game. For example, running "chess" in the terminal should bring up this game. 

There are a number of features and requirements that this local chess instance should have.

Requirements: 
1. I would like to have the ability to have a chess editor where I can play moves on the UI and there should be a display on the side of the page that explains what move is being played on the screen. Example shown in chess_move_name_example.png. The Github for t
hat repo is found here https://github.com/openingtree/openingtree.
2. I would like the ability to have different themes for the chess board and the chess pieces.  
3. The UI should have basic features such as the ability to flip the board to view from the opposite side, light vs dark mode, the ability to clear the current board and start over, a forward and back button to move to the next move and to revert to the previous move, a tracker on the side of the board showing the moves that have been played previously
4. I want to have the ability to review games that I have played previously on Chess.com. There are two websites that currently have this functionality. Use them as examples: Website: https://www.openingtree.com/ & GitHub: https://github.com/openingtree/openingtree; Website: https://chesskit.org/ & GitHub: https://github.com/GuillaumeSD/Chesskit
5. I would like the UI to resemble the UI for Chess.com. An example of the UI can be found in chess_dot_com_UI.png
6. I am open to this running on either local host or creating a GUI for this project. Let's have a discussion on the pros and cons of both and make a decision together
7. I want the ability to be able to play a chess engine during the game and have discussions with the engine almost like a coach discussing why a move was incorrect or why there was a better move or good job on playing that move. I believe that Stockfish is a free chess engine that can be downloaded. Let's investigate that as an option. Please also investigate what other chess engines are available for free
8. The Chess.com game review, playing against the coach with discussion, and the move analysis board should all be different tabs within the UI.
9. This project needs to be low-latency. It needs to be extremely responsive with extremely low lag.
10. This project needs to be able to run Macbook Pro with 24 GB of memory and 532 GB of available storage. 
11. All of the code and infrastructure should be contained locally, there should be no usage of cloud infrastructure. Everything should run on the Mac
12. Code unrelated to UI & UX should be written in Python unless there is a good reason not to do so, if so, let's have a discussion about why
13. Code related to UI can be written in whatever language you believe provides the best option
14. Python code should follow the PEP 8 style guide and should follow best practices when it comes to Python programming
15. The analysis engine should classify each move by quality (brilliant, great, best, good, mistake, miss, blunder) with visual indicators, and show a toggleable best-move arrow on the board
16. When using analysis, the opening name (ECO code + name) should be displayed and update as moves are played or navigated
17. Users should be able to click a piece and then click the target square to move, in addition to drag-and-drop
18. I want to be able to draw arrows to squares when I right click and drag from one square to another
19. I want to be able to adjust the difficulty of the chess engine with named difficulty tiers
20. The coaching system should support both template-based feedback (fast) and local LLM feedback (richer) via Ollama, selectable in Settings
21. The coach avatar/icon should be customizable — users should be able to select from a list of options (robot, teacher, wizard, brain, owl)
22. Users should be able to browse, select, and download Ollama models directly from the Settings UI, with clear information about model size and expected response speed. Larger models should include a warning that they will respond slower.
23. The app should support light and dark mode themes

This is my general overview of the project. Let's discuss what questions need to be answered, troubleshoot, formulate a plan, and then begin execution of creation of this project.